RU KWS Voice Recorder - Windows x64

1. Extract the entire ZIP to a writable folder, for example Documents\VoiceRecorder.
2. Double-click RU-KWS-Recorder.exe. No Python or pip installation is needed.
3. Select 1 for command clips or 2 for continuous audio.
4. Choose a microphone (Enter uses the Windows default), speaker ID, recording
   condition and output folder. For clips, choose repeats per command.
5. Keep the console focused. Enter starts recording only when prompted.
   Wait for the recording message before speaking. Enter ends the recording.
6. For clips: P plays back; Enter accepts; R retries; S rejects; Esc exits.
   Both English and Russian keyboard layouts support the P/R/S key positions.

Audio is mono PCM16 WAV at the microphone's native rate. Clip limit: 8 seconds.
Leave a short pause before and after the phrase. Use the same speaker ID for
the same person. Choose a different condition name when distance/room changes.

Recordings are saved in recordings beside the EXE by default. The menu also
accepts a different output directory. Each run creates a unique session.
Share the complete session folder: WAV files and JSON/JSONL metadata together.
Use only accepted rows in manifest.jsonl for command clips. Rejected takes and
partial recordings remain on disk; do not treat every WAV as an accepted clip.

Continuous recording: number keys 1-6 start a draft command region; Space ends
the region. Enter/Esc ends the recording. Check and correct labels.draft.txt in
Audacity before evaluation; key presses are approximate annotations.

commands.json next to the EXE may be edited to change prompts. If absent, the
six standard commands embedded in the EXE are used.

If no microphone is available, connect one and select it in Windows Sound
settings. Enable microphone access for desktop apps in Windows privacy settings.
If saving fails, choose a writable folder in the menu. Do not run inside the ZIP.
Use Windows 10/11 x64. macOS, Linux and 32-bit Windows need a separate build.
This executable is not digitally signed; Windows may show a publisher warning.

Advanced commands (PowerShell in the extracted folder):
  .\RU-KWS-Recorder.exe --help
  .\RU-KWS-Recorder.exe devices
  .\RU-KWS-Recorder.exe self-test
  .\RU-KWS-Recorder.exe clips --speaker sergey --repeats 10 --rate 16000
  .\RU-KWS-Recorder.exe long --speaker sergey --max-seconds 1200
  .\RU-KWS-Recorder.exe import-labels --wav recordings\SESSION\continuous.wav --labels recordings\SESSION\labels.reviewed.txt

self-test checks bundled libraries, command data and WAV I/O. It does not record.
The portable ZIP contains the program and instructions, not personal recordings.
